OSSM-6416: SM 3.0 Document InPlace update workflow (#75532)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-about-deploying-istio-using-sail-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: Concept
[id="ossm-about-deploying-istio-using-sail-operator"]

> = About deploying Istio using the Sail Operator

Author: @FilipB thank you for commenting on this. You are correct, I should not be referring to Sail here. One thing though, I thought we should be calling the Operator the OpenShift Service Mesh Operator. I didn't think we should use "3" in the title. I'm just trying to think through this. I can update the variable so it displays OpenShift Service Mesh Operator 3 everywhere, but I think that might be confusing when we have Y and Z updates if it still only says 3. So maybe I need a separate version variable for just the number.

I might have to ask the team about this just to help think through it.

> = About deploying Istio using the Sail Operator

Author: Discussed with dev team and team opted not to include the version in the content because the docs will be versioned.

> = About deploying Istio using the Sail Operator

Author: You are correct; good point. Thank you! Right now, I'm thinking in the task for installing the Operator we can say OSSM 3 Operator in the step where you search for the Operator. In the other places, I think we can be general.

What do you think @FilipB ?

> = About deploying Istio using the Sail Operator

Reviewer: That works, thank you.

:context: ossm-about-deploying-istio-using-sail-operator

> To deploy {istio) using the Sail operator, you must create an {istio} resource. Then, the Operator creates an `IstioRevision` resource, which represents an instance of the {istio} resource. From the `IstioRevision` resource, the Operator deploys the {istio} control plane, which includes the `istiod` deployment and other resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy {istio) using the Sail operator, you must create an {istio} resource. Then, the Operator creates an `IstioRevision` resource, which represent one revision of the Istio control plane. From the `IstioRevision` resource, the Operator deploys the {istio} control plane, which includes the `istiod` deployment and other resources.
```

> To deploy {istio} using the Sail Operator, you must create an {istio} resource. Then, the Operator creates an `IstioRevision` resource, which represents one revision of the {istio} control plane. From the `IstioRevision` resource, the Operator deploys the {istio} control plane, which includes the `istiod` deployment and other resources.

Author: reviewed and revised based on discussion with Marko

> The Sail Operator may create additional instances of the `IstioRevision` resource, depending on the strategy defined in the {istio} resource.

Author: @luksa at one time we discussed how there is a deployment strategy and an update strategy. In this particular context, I think it seems to make sense to say upgrade strategy, but I just wanted to check in with you in case you think of something I'm not thinking of.

> The Sail Operator may create additional instances of the `IstioRevision` resource, depending on the strategy defined in the {istio} resource.

Author: discussed and made change.
